hey yamcha Tom today we are making
Maddie Maddie we're gonna paint grill
two beautiful pieces one is thicker what
is dinner so we're going to mix them my
marinade sauce first first let me
introduce this missile fermented soybean
paste we use it for like a lot of
japanese soup miso soup and other
purpose i got me so in marin cooking
wine one is always good for a marinade
protein sesame oil of olive oil and j
which is going to smooth out the pace
like that make it into a really nice
pace and we can brush to the fish before
we do that I like to season the fish to
some salt and black pepper before would
grow nicely done we're gonna season the
fish with some salt and black pepper on
both sides okay make sure do a both side
I usually like to Pat that fish dry
every time you pinch sea or something or
grill make sure the protein nicely dry
right medium-high heat on the skillet
I'm going to put the beautiful side down
I want them to have a nice beautiful
grill mark this is the smaller piece
and the fish going to take about three
to four minutes of the paint grill on
each side depende this is thicker it
might take a little longer about three
minutes I think the thin one is ready I
see the edging is like turn into white
yep and now why the the caramelized part
is still nice and warm you just keep
them a quick brush on your
miso-marinated like this that's how I
cook my face and this way I'm gonna let
them cook a little longer and small your
he is not overpowering so the Mart when
I get too dark let me take a look-see
okay the thick one I cook about five
minutes it's pretty thick
now we're going to brush to this
beautiful miso paste like that and the
sauce was drooping down to the bottom of
the pit
the small piece is done down the side
the sticker one cook for two more
minutes now you see the bottom it's nice
and crisp just how I like it on the top
we has a sauce nice and warm so since
the fish is nice thick so we're going to
put on the clothes I let just let them
must see you a little bit about 45
seconds on each side like this
you can hold a while it just in case it
out for down Judy can be so delicious
here's your me so penngrove ma mie
nicely done the missiles kind of like
very salty so you might not to add too
much salt on the fish I just have a huge
bowl of spaghetti earlier so I'm just
gonna eat the protein and some fruit
make me happy I'm chef Tom thank you for
watching I will see you next time bye